the last round great classic bahiana
ba-vi bay and victory had everything to
to be a gorgeous sunday Sunday
That is the way that fits the hand.
creation of carlinhos brown
the staff that the dog is in the cup of
14 in Brazil what the vuvuzela was in
2010 cups in South Africa have been
distributed 50 thousand classes in the
brand new arena new source
Look what a beautiful thing, but then the game came
and it did not take long already had scent ball
within the field and then after 20 minutes the
win opened 1 to 0 with garbage shell
the best comes after is enough for maxi
biancucchi or domestic tourism
and look what maxi biancucchi did is this
the messi pattern even goes from heel
with fahel legs on swing
make the goal
after my victory 2 to 0 the supporter
of Bahia already had reason to stay
bravo won another reason when the
referee did not score a penalty on magal
but nothing is a reason why you came next
in the ccee biancucchi in the left tip
note that we already have some waterfalls
there in the field
Missing in max discussion between players
Until then ok but look who gets to
appear from the bay and then the
team goal that he many cachola
scheduled plays
look how sad thing the full field
from cachoeiro orla
This should be our pride.
There is no shame what this is
Brazil now has a stadium without bars in
force with the crowd is there close to
show that we have education there
you make it to me
how sad today bahia only lost did
A little touch with you.
but the victory took the game by 2 to 1